---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Different Types of Language
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

Java is an opject oriented program that is easy to learn. Java is the default choice for scientific applications mainly. This is because it is safe, portable, maintainable and comes with better high-level concurrency tools than C++ or any other language. Another reason for Java's popularity is its strong and active community support. It the second-largest among the Stack Overflow community. So help is there whenever you caught a nasty bug in your program. As a student who did a lot of Java coding this is a very helpful thing to have. 

Just as popular as java is the programming language python. Python is easy to use, powerful, and versatile, making it a great choice for beginners as well as experts. Python has normal English syntax so you can have an easier time reading and writting code without having to worry about missing a small detail. Compared to Java and C++, python requires less time, effort, and lines of code to perform the same operations. It is used by many large companies such as Google Dropbox, Spotify, and Netflix.

With all these amazing languages you can learn to write codes with, each with a different style learning about software can be so much fun. I am excited to learn all these different languages and use them to code programs that I could use in my everyday life. Software engineering is a great thing not only because of all the technologies and programs that we run on it but also its help in relieving us from certain daily tasks that might be too much. I cannot wait til the day where I am able to create my own games or just write a simple code that will add my homework deadlines onto my calender.
